>> Will Sentance: So now, Seth,
we're inside the UserCreator.
We have a nice this,
it refers to an object.
By the way, note, side effect.
This is a side effect from
within the UserCreator.
We're probably not going
to return everything out,
because we're changing stuff
when they're out already.
And so Seth talk me through the assignment
that now happens inside of UserCreator.
We called out this,
it refers to the object.
Created and
paid user creator with the help of new,
talk me through the assignment.
>> Seth: We are going to apply-
>> Will Sentance: Sorry,
before assignment, forgive me man.
We've got to do our, no, my fault.
We've gotta do out argument.
So we've gotta add this
in our local memory.
Help me out with that argument.
>> Seth: So passing in paid
name which is value of Alysa.
>> Will Sentance: And becomes
the value of what parameter in here?
>> Seth: Becomes the value of negative.
>> Will Sentance: Yeah, well-
>> Seth: And
page score which is 8
becomes the value of score.
>> Will Sentance: Fantastic.
>> Seth: We're then going to apply
name and score to the lexical list.
>> Will Sentance: Yeah, lexical list,
I'd be a bit cautious to call it
that because it's not actually,
we are explicitly it feels like the
letsCallThis, and like our arrow function.
But letsCallThis actually is stored on a
property of a function, as a letsCallThis.
Here, we are explicitly saying
it's the object1, there.
I see where you're going
with the letsCallThis,
that's not an unreasonable
term to call it.
>> Will Sentance: Yeah,
okay I can take that, yeah,
that's fine, that's actually
not unreasonably difficult.
So this.name but it refers to
the object one layer out which
is what you mean by
lexical here I suppose.
>> Seth: It just sounded better than this,
this, this.
>> Will Sentance: Yeah, I hear that man.
>> Seth: [LAUGH]
>> Will Sentance: So this is the object
one layer out to which we're gonna add a-
>> Seth: Name score.
>> Will Sentance: Name, property.
>> Seth: And it's gonna be-
>> Will Sentance: Yeah.
>> Seth: Score is 8.
>> Will Sentance: Yeah, perfect.
I hope people didn't mind us dragging that
out a bit together, because it really is.
So those are both having an effect
out here, because we passed into user
creator.core this object to be used
as the this inside of UserCreator.
So we're sticking the properties on.
It goes where's this, this is one layer
out, stick name on it and Alyssa.
This.score where is this,
it's one layer out score, set it to 8.
So look at, though, folk, I have
the object in paid user creator which by
the way has the right proto already,
and I filled in its properties.
I didn't have to write that code again.
I use the UserCreator, but man,
did it take a bit of
contrivance to use that code.
Cuz I had to use call to make sure I was
making the changes on the right object,
one layer out.
Pretty brutal, I think.
One second man, I promise.
Do we have a return
value from UserCreator?
No, we didn't use a new keyword on it,
so it doesn't auto-insert return out.
We didn't need it, because we're
referring to an object one layer out.
So we had a side effect,
sort of pseudo-return,
a kind of side effect return.
All right, and then as you say, right, we
could use apply in exactly the same way.
But except we put our further arguments
in as a single argument in an array.
We exit out of execution context and
we don't return anything.
We were doing side effects.
I mean, side effects.
I would never return value mu, changing
something outside of the execution context
from within, yeah, the exclusion context.
And then we hit our final line of our
execution context, which says to do what?
Nick, what's the final line?
We're back in page UserCreator,
now what's the final line?
We've got our object out, it didn't
have quite the right properties yet,
to be a pageUser, so
what do we need to do?
>> Nick: Now, that we have
the right properties on there,
it will be returned to paid user one.
>> Will Sentance: I agree man, but
we've got one more property
you wanna add to make it so.
>> Nick: Yeah,
this.accountBalance will be set to
the account balance that's passed in.
>> Will Sentance: Beautiful, and
now we're back out to the this being
directly the object we're changing on.
We're back out to page UserCreator, so
I just put this in here
to make it really clear.
This.accountBalance is account balance.
The one that was passed in.
And therefore it is what, Nick?
>> Nick: 25.
>> Will Sentance: 25, and
we got our beautiful object here.
>> Nick: And now it's returned.
>> Will Sentance: Because of what
did we run pages creator with?
The help of?
>> Nick: New.
>> Will Sentance: The new keyword, and
the final thing it does is return
our object out into paid user one.
It loses the name,
this, we get the object out and in
a moment we're gonna do our lookup check.
We're gonna do our lookup check to see,
do we have everything we need?
There's our object returned out.
With name, and
we'll do thumbs in a moment people, and
I know that this feels very
complicated but we are seeing
the final penultimate pieces
of all of OOP and JavaScript.
And especially, if you use things like
React, you're gonna see on the final
slide, this is the model behind React.
There isn't really much more.
This is the model behind React.
This notion of having access to
functionality's not directly there.
Our solution four is gonna
implement it the way React does.
Didn't used to.
React used to implement it,
if you remember in the previous versions
before six version, pretty much this way.
ES Six version implements it this way,
implements it solution four way in React.
Okay, so it's got this bond up to,
there it is.
Up to, sorry, hold on, up to this object,
the prototype object on Pages Creator,
because of the new keyword help that
ensured that the auto created object
got a bond to the function store on
that functions prototype object.